## Concern #2: Who Are You?
28. So? 
29. Tell me about yourself. 
30. What makes you unique? 
31. How do you respond when your ideas are rejected? 
32. What kinds of things cause you to lose interest in a project? 
33. What do you like to do when you are not working?
34. How do you react when you realize that you have made a mistake? 
35. Silence.
36. How do you react when you are angry? 
37. How do you operate under stress? 
38. What regrets do you have about your career? 
39. Don’t you trust that we will follow through with this agreement? 
40. What are your strengths and weaknesses? 
41. What do you most want to improve in the next year? 
42. Can you give me some examples of your creativity on the job? 
43. How would you describe your personality? 
44. How do you react when you are told your methodology isn’t working?
45. How do you dene success?
46. What is your leadership style? 
47. What is your favorite website and why? 
48. Who has been the biggest source of inspiration in your professional life, and why? 
49. What is your work style? 
50. What are your future ambitions? 
51. What do you think of my style of interviewing? If you were conducting this interview, would you do something differently? 
52. How did you overcome the negative impact of losing a job? 
53. What is your biggest failure and what did you learn from it? 
54. What are your weaknesses and your limitations?
55. Describe your ideal job and employer. 
56. What are your long-term professional goals? 
57. How would you respond if I told you that your performance today has not been very good?
58. What type of decision is the most difcult for you to make?
59. Could you describe your worst day and how you dealt with it? 
60. Are your past actions consistent with your values? 
61. What will bring you the most satisfaction in your next job?
